README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Wilber Alves 🧪🌍🌿🧬🔬🕹️💻
<img align="left" width="120" height="250" alt="Prof Will" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68fb9ed4-e624-4961-acad-69ba2825ee38" />

  I'm a 40-hour full-time EBTT Biology teacher at **[CEFET/RJ – Maracanã](https://www.cefet-rj.br "Federal Center for Technological Education Celso Suckow da Fonseca")**, with a Master's and Doctorate in Biochemistry from **[UFRJ](https://www.iq.ufrj.br "Federal University of Rio de Janeiro")** and a specialization in Digital Education from **[SENAI/SC](https://cursos.sesisenai.org.br/pos-graduacao/posgraduacao-em-educacao-digital/367 "National Service for Industrial Training - Santa Catarina")**. Currently, I focus my studies on game development, as a student at **[EBAC](https://ebaconline.com.br "British School of Creative Arts & Technology")** (Profession: Game Designer and Unity Developer), **[ECDD](www.ecdd.com.br "School of Computing and Digital Development")** (Digital Games Technologist), and **[EduTec-UFSCar](https://www.edutec.ufscar.br "Education and Technologies Postgraduate Program at UFSCar")** (Postgraduate _lato sensu_ Education and Technologies - Specialization in Games, Gamification and Innovation in Education). I coordinate the **EDGEE/OIKSTUDIO** Teaching Project, an independent studio for the development of *Serious Games* and *Edutainment* focused on Biology and Environmental Sciences.

<p>
<img align="Right" width="100" alt="Estudio Logo" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4c7209e0-cfe8-4471-acbf-90ae7fb71f33" />
</p>

---

### 🕹️ Game Development & Technologies

**Languages:**
<p align="left">
<img width="45px" src="https://gistcdn.githack.com/johndward01/95c1d09de9e3707cfb4154989962376d/raw/f74007782421219d9e9ab4b6a27de2e172a8b714/csharp-logo.svg" alt="C#" title="C# Language">
<img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/Lua-Logo.svg/960px-Lua-Logo.svg.png?20150107024942" alt="Lua" title="Lua Scripting">

</p>

🛠️⚙️**Tools and Engines:**
<p align="left">
  <img width="45px" src="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/426/535/png-transparent-unity-new-logo-tech-companies-thumbnail.png" alt="Unity" title="Unity Engine">
  <img width="45px" src="https://marketplacecdn.yoyogames.com/images/assets/7640/icon/1543868491_large.jpg?1543868491" alt="PICO-8" title="PICO-8 Fantasy Console">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/69/Logo_Aseprite.svg/250px-Logo_Aseprite.svg.png" alt="Aseprite" title="Aseprite (Pixel Art)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/960px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png" alt="Blender" title="Blender (3D Modeling)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/NhCyAfBxD4IxFm8PnEFQRIOPuDvFwHfRDcmQTmcB0MTZehmj2-eopKGY2xQKYNtI" alt="BambooPaper" title="Bamboo Paper (Sketching)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/2LuSURNwXSKmOhM_Zm-CFbfketAIktL_IUsp73fbB63nFsDrqSnF81Hpk-MKfjsFa45NKa1OLg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" alt="Machinations" title="Machinations (Game Economy)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/Visual_Studio_Icon_2022.svg/2048px-Visual_Studio_Icon_2022.svg.png" alt="VS" title="Visual Studio 2022">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/Github-desktop-logo-symbol.svg/2048px-Github-desktop-logo-symbol.svg.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub Desktop">
  <img width="45px" src="https://images.icon-icons.com/278/PNG/512/Sibelius_30198.png" alt="Sibelius" title="Sibelius">

</p>

### ⚡ Prototypes and Projects
<p align="left">
  
🦠**Beakers & Bacteria - Game Developed in PICO-8**

![bacteria_0](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c254e9d6-b1ac-4aae-8858-4aa081fd71f9)

❄️🔥**Chill, Will! Chill! -  Game Developed in PICO-8**

![chill_plataforma_0](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2cd3484f-fdfc-4485-b992-ef61e17caf57)

🧫**aMAZEcells - Game Developed in Unity 3D**

![aMAZEcells](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bd71175-a7a9-47c8-a14b-a396ea8afc5c)

❄️🔥**Platformer-2D - Project Developed in Unity 2D** 

![EBAC_Platformer_2D](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/148263b5-9f88-4726-847f-0c2df1d730dd)

🏓**Pong Clone - Project Developed in Unity 2D**

![Pong_Clone](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d0c76e9-7472-4050-a073-891b7691bbdb)

</p>

---
### 📫 Contact and academic production

<p align="left">
  <a href="mailto:wilber.alves@cefet-rj.br">
    <img width="45px"src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2023/03/13/20/13/button-7850700_640.png" alt="E-mail" title="Send email to Wilber Alves">
  </a>
  <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/4981140380227407" target="_blank">
    <img width="45px" src="https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/proxy/4d6-dVOcMrp7HoU9t-bhgfgoqSLWbcgosoSMPp956YzTQzTfRfFDiUXR3hssFIJDTEe0ozmcq4wv6E7AiZn7-kNEwVvhboggb9gHgMMh-webTRvzg8ndDb7Sffpa9N2N4ThiQboH11-KkcPt_C4Qj0ZXxeEREqmIp7k" alt="Lattes" title="View Lattes Curriculum (CNPq)">
  </a>
  <a href="https://integra.cefet-rj.br/p/wilber-de-sousa-alves" target="_blank">
    <img width="180px"src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTAk3eHjBpv2oB11MAAW6SHzJHdiy7aDS8LiQ&s" alt="Integra CEFET" title="Professor's Profile at Integra CEFET/RJ">
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update README to include Platformer-2D game link
Added link to the game prototype for Platformer-2D.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Wilber Alves 🧪🌍🌿🧬🔬🕹️💻
<img align="left" width="120" height="250" alt="Prof Will" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/68fb9ed4-e624-4961-acad-69ba2825ee38" />

  I'm a 40-hour full-time EBTT Biology teacher at **[CEFET/RJ – Maracanã](https://www.cefet-rj.br "Federal Center for Technological Education Celso Suckow da Fonseca")**, with a Master's and Doctorate in Biochemistry from **[UFRJ](https://www.iq.ufrj.br "Federal University of Rio de Janeiro")** and a specialization in Digital Education from **[SENAI/SC](https://cursos.sesisenai.org.br/pos-graduacao/posgraduacao-em-educacao-digital/367 "National Service for Industrial Training - Santa Catarina")**. Currently, I focus my studies on game development, as a student at **[EBAC](https://ebaconline.com.br "British School of Creative Arts & Technology")** (Profession: Game Designer and Unity Developer), **[ECDD](www.ecdd.com.br "School of Computing and Digital Development")** (Digital Games Technologist), and **[EduTec-UFSCar](https://www.edutec.ufscar.br "Education and Technologies Postgraduate Program at UFSCar")** (Postgraduate _lato sensu_ Education and Technologies - Specialization in Games, Gamification and Innovation in Education). I coordinate the **EDGEE/OIKSTUDIO** Teaching Project, an independent studio for the development of *Serious Games* and *Edutainment* focused on Biology and Environmental Sciences.

<p>
<img align="Right" width="100" alt="Estudio Logo" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4c7209e0-cfe8-4471-acbf-90ae7fb71f33" />
</p>

---

### 🕹️ Game Development & Technologies

**Languages:**
<p align="left">
<img width="45px" src="https://gistcdn.githack.com/johndward01/95c1d09de9e3707cfb4154989962376d/raw/f74007782421219d9e9ab4b6a27de2e172a8b714/csharp-logo.svg" alt="C#" title="C# Language">
<img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cf/Lua-Logo.svg/960px-Lua-Logo.svg.png?20150107024942" alt="Lua" title="Lua Scripting">

</p>

🛠️⚙️**Tools and Engines:**
<p align="left">
  <img width="45px" src="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/426/535/png-transparent-unity-new-logo-tech-companies-thumbnail.png" alt="Unity" title="Unity Engine">
  <img width="45px" src="https://marketplacecdn.yoyogames.com/images/assets/7640/icon/1543868491_large.jpg?1543868491" alt="PICO-8" title="PICO-8 Fantasy Console">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/69/Logo_Aseprite.svg/250px-Logo_Aseprite.svg.png" alt="Aseprite" title="Aseprite (Pixel Art)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/960px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png" alt="Blender" title="Blender (3D Modeling)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/NhCyAfBxD4IxFm8PnEFQRIOPuDvFwHfRDcmQTmcB0MTZehmj2-eopKGY2xQKYNtI" alt="BambooPaper" title="Bamboo Paper (Sketching)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/2LuSURNwXSKmOhM_Zm-CFbfketAIktL_IUsp73fbB63nFsDrqSnF81Hpk-MKfjsFa45NKa1OLg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" alt="Machinations" title="Machinations (Game Economy)">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/Visual_Studio_Icon_2022.svg/2048px-Visual_Studio_Icon_2022.svg.png" alt="VS" title="Visual Studio 2022">
  <img width="45px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/Github-desktop-logo-symbol.svg/2048px-Github-desktop-logo-symbol.svg.png" alt="GitHub" title="GitHub Desktop">
  <img width="45px" src="https://images.icon-icons.com/278/PNG/512/Sibelius_30198.png" alt="Sibelius" title="Sibelius">

</p>

### ⚡ Prototypes and Projects
<p align="left">
  
🦠**Beakers & Bacteria - Game Developed in PICO-8**

![bacteria_0](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c254e9d6-b1ac-4aae-8858-4aa081fd71f9)

❄️🔥**Chill, Will! Chill! -  Game Developed in PICO-8**

![chill_plataforma_0](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2cd3484f-fdfc-4485-b992-ef61e17caf57)

🧫**aMAZEcells - Game Developed in Unity 3D**

![aMAZEcells](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1bd71175-a7a9-47c8-a14b-a396ea8afc5c)

❄️🔥**Platformer-2D - Project Developed in Unity 2D** PLAY - https://wilber-alves.itch.io/chill-will-chill-prototype (Link to the game prototype on itch.io)

![EBAC_Platformer_2D](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/148263b5-9f88-4726-847f-0c2df1d730dd)

🏓**Pong Clone - Project Developed in Unity 2D**

![Pong_Clone](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d0c76e9-7472-4050-a073-891b7691bbdb)

</p>

---
### 📫 Contact and academic production

<p align="left">
  <a href="mailto:wilber.alves@cefet-rj.br">
    <img width="45px"src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2023/03/13/20/13/button-7850700_640.png" alt="E-mail" title="Send email to Wilber Alves">
  </a>
  <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/4981140380227407" target="_blank">
    <img width="45px" src="https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/proxy/4d6-dVOcMrp7HoU9t-bhgfgoqSLWbcgosoSMPp956YzTQzTfRfFDiUXR3hssFIJDTEe0ozmcq4wv6E7AiZn7-kNEwVvhboggb9gHgMMh-webTRvzg8ndDb7Sffpa9N2N4ThiQboH11-KkcPt_C4Qj0ZXxeEREqmIp7k" alt="Lattes" title="View Lattes Curriculum (CNPq)">
  </a>
  <a href="https://integra.cefet-rj.br/p/wilber-de-sousa-alves" target="_blank">
    <img width="180px"src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTAk3eHjBpv2oB11MAAW6SHzJHdiy7aDS8LiQ&s" alt="Integra CEFET" title="Professor's Profile at Integra CEFET/RJ">
  </a>
</p>
